# Package artisan.cmsee.live/aps/host-runner:20220629074836504-618921cea5 Manifest
*autogenerated using [Artisan CLI](https://github.com/gatblau/artisan) on 29 Jun 22 07:48 +0000*
## Function: install-standalone
install standalone host-runner application.
### Variables:
|name|description|default|
|---|---|---|
|OX_WAPI_URI|Onix wapi uri.||
|OX_WAPI_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY|Whether to skip SSL insecure access to onix wapi api.|true|
### Secrets:
|name|description|
|---|---|
|OX_WAPI_USER|Onix wapi user name.|
|OX_WAPI_PWD|Onix wapi password.|
## Function: start-standalone
start the stand alone service and also configure the service to start automatically when host is booted up.
## Function: stop-standalone
stop the host-runner service.
## Function: uninstall-standalone
delete the host-runner service.
## Function: install-basic
install host-runner with basic profile.
## Function: install-ci
install host-runner with ci profile.
## Function: install-automation
install host-runner with automation profile.
## Function: start
start the host-runner service along with additional services like cmdb, git, docker registry, basic aritsan regisrty application.
## Function: stop
stop the host-runner service along with additional services like cmdb, git, docker registry, basic aritsan regisrty application.
## Function: uninstall
delete the host-runner service along with additional services if any are there.
## Function: show-env
display the content of .env files used for docker compose.
## Function: create-bucket
this function will create S3 type bucket with in minio.
## Function: create-s3-webhook
this function will create s3 webhook which connects to runner and attach the webhook to bucket with environment variable BUCKET_NAME.
## Function: create-git-webhook
this function will create git webhook which connects to runner.
